-- TOTALS -- 

Pos : Position
Age : Player's age on February 1 of the season
Tm : Team
G : Games
MP : Minutes Played
FG : Field Goals
FGA : Field Goal Attempts
FG% : Field Goal Percentage
3P : 3-Point Field Goals
3PA : 3-Point Field Goal Attempts
3P% : 3-Point Field Goal Percentage
2P : 2-Point Field Goals
2PA : 2-point Field Goal Attempts
2P% : 2-Point Field Goal Percentage
eFG% : Effective Field Goal Percentage. This statistic adjusts for the fact that a 3-point field goal is worth one more point than a 2-point field goal.
FT : Free Throws
FTA : Free Throw Attempts
FT% : Free Throw Percentage
ORB : Offensive Rebounds
DRB : Defensive Rebounds
TRB : Total Rebounds
AST : Assists
STL : Steals
BLK : Blocks
TOV : Turnovers
PF : Personal Fouls
PTS : Points

-- ADVANCED --  

ER : Player Efficiency Rating. A measure of per-minute production standardized such that the league average is 15.
TS% : True Shooting Percentage. A measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account 2-point field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws.
3PAr : 3-Point Attempt Rate. Percentage of FG Attempts from 3-Point Range
FTr : Free Throw Attempt Rate. Number of FT Attempts Per FG Attempt
ORB% : Offensive Rebound Percentage. An estimate of the percentage of available offensive rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor.
DRB% : Defensive Rebound Percentage. An estimate of the percentage of available defensive rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor.
TRB% : Total Rebound Percentage. An estimate of the percentage of available rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor.
AST% : Assist Percentage. An estimate of the percentage of teammate field goals a player assisted while they were on the floor.
STL% : Steal Percentage. An estimate of the percentage of opponent possessions that end with a steal by the player while they were on the floor.
BLK% : Block Percentage. An estimate of the percentage of opponent two-point field goal attempts blocked by the player while they were on the floor.
TOV% : Turnover Percentage. An estimate of turnovers committed per 100 plays.
USG% : Usage Percentage. An estimate of the percentage of team plays used by a player while they were on the floor.
OWS : Offensive Win Shares. An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to his offense.
DWS : Defensive Win Shares. An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to his defense.
WS : Win Shares. An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player.
WS/48 : Win Shares Per 48 Minutes. An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player per 48 minutes (league average is approximately .100)
OBPM : Offensive Box Plus/Minus. A box score estimate of the offensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
DBPM : Defensive Box Plus/Minus. A box score estimate of the defensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
BPM : Box Plus/Minus. A box score estimate of the points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
VORP : Value over Replacement Player. A box score estimate of the points per 100 TEAM possessions that a player contributed above a replacement-level (-2.0) player, translated to an average team and prorated to an 82-game season.

-- MVP -- 

Tm : Team Voting
First : First Place Votes 
G : Games
MP : Minutes Played Per Game
PTS : Points Per Game
TRB : Total Rebounds Per Game
AST : Assists Per Game
STL : Steals Per Game
BLK : Blocks Per Game
FG% : Field Goal Percentage
3P% : 3-Point Field Goal Percentage
FT% : Free Throw Percentage
WS : Win Shares. An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player.
WS/48 : Win Shares Per 48 Minutes. An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player per 48 minutes (league average is approximately .100)

-- TEAMS -- 

W : Wins
L : Losses 
W/L% : Win-Loss Percentage
GB : Games Behing
PS/G : Points Per Game
PA/G : Opponent Points Per Game
SRS : Simple Rating System; a team rating that takes into account average point differential and strength of schedule. The rating is denominated in points above/below average, where zero is average.